---
layout: email-post
title: Leaving SendGrid.
---
Yesterday was my last day at [SendGrid](http://sendgrid.com/).  After serving
for the last year and a half as their Developer Evangelist in New York, the
time has finally come for us to go our separate ways.  It's been a hell of a
journey and I've grown a lot thanks to the amazing folks who work there.
I'm eternally grateful for everything the company has done for me,
especially because I wouldn't be able to make this next move without their
support.

There are two questions that people tend to ask me when I tell them that I'm
moving on from SendGrid, *"Why are you leaving?"* and *"What are you going
to do next?"*. In this post, I'm going to focus on the former and save the
latter for another time.

The things that makes evangelism so awesome are the "magic moments" that you
get to share with the people you meet.  The excitement in a hacker's eyes
when you help them blink an LED for the first time; the moment the cogs
start turning in a developer's head after you've introduced them to a new
API; the sigh of relief when you help someone work through some particularly
buggy code; the "thank you" from a founder who you've mentored through a
rough patch.  Those were the moments that got me out of bed everyday and the
moments that made me love my job so much.

Ironically, those same reasons I loved the gig are the reasons that I had to
leave it.  As much as I can pour my heart and soul into making more of those
moments happen every day, there will only ever be one of me.  I only have so
much time and energy to spare and, until we figure out cloning or time
travel, I can only be in one place at a time.  I've finally encountered a
scaling problem that I can't solve on my own.

So, to sum it up, I'm leaving to start a journey.  I want to find a way to
help more people achieve things they didn't know were possible. To do that,
I'm going to have to face down some big problems and make some big choices
along the way.  

I don't know exactly where this journey is going to take me just yet, but I
do know that I can't do it alone.  To join me or to follow along, enter your
email below!
